### Automatically generated dependencies. Update with 'make dep'
# DO NOT DELETE

obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: TCTEventSelector.h ./TCTParticle.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEVNTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVirtualData.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/VirtualReader/TVirtualReader.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADERClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TECPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TDCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TCCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TLCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGBIClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICValue.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THLSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TS1STClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTRGSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: ./TCTCompositeParticle.h ./TCTPhotonSelector.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/DSTReader/TDSTReader.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSTPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTAGRClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMCHDClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass_const.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVERTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMVRTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTBERClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/DSTReader/TStoreClone.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/DSTReader/TMiniDSTReader.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMiniHEADClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMiniDSTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: ./TCTVector.h TCTOperations.h ./TCTVariable.h
obj/Darwin/TCTEventSelector.o: TCTStringUtils.h TCTTextReader.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: ./TCTCompositeParticle.h ./TCTParticle.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEVNTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVirtualData.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/VirtualReader/TVirtualReader.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADERClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TECPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TDCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TCCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TLCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGBIClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICValue.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THLSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TS1STClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTCompositeParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTRGSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: ./TCTParticle.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEVNTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVirtualData.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/VirtualReader/TVirtualReader.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADERClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TECPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TDCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TCCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TLCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGBIClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICValue.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THLSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TS1STClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTParticle.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTRGSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: ./TCTVector.h ./TCTParticle.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEVNTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVirtualData.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/VirtualReader/TVirtualReader.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADERClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TECPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TDCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TCCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TLCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGBIClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICValue.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THLSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TS1STClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTRGSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVector.o: TCTOperations.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: ./TCTVariable.h ./TCTVector.h ./TCTParticle.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEVNTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVirtualData.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/VirtualReader/TVirtualReader.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADERClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TECPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TDCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TCCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TLCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGBIClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICValue.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THLSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TS1STClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTRGSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTVariable.o: TCTOperations.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: ./TCTPhotonSelector.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/DSTReader/TDSTReader.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/VirtualReader/TVirtualReader.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADERClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEVNTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVirtualData.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TECPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TDCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TCCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TLCPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THEADClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGBIClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TEPICValue.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/THLSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TS1STClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTRGSClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TSTPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTGPBClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTAGRClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMCHDClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TGSIMClass_const.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TVERTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMVRTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TTBERClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/DSTReader/TStoreClone.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/DSTReader/TMiniDSTReader.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMiniHEADClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTPhotonSelector.o: /Users/gavalian/Work/Software/ClasTool/ClasBanks/TMiniDSTClass.h
obj/Darwin/TCTStringUtils.o: TCTStringUtils.h
obj/Darwin/TCTOperations.o: TCTOperations.h
obj/Darwin/TCTTextReader.o: TCTTextReader.h
